hello my loves i hope you're okay and
you're having a nice day
today's video we are going in with a
girl talk
q a and chitchat video this has kind of
been
inspired by a post i did just the other
day on
being on your period and bloating and i
feel like i've had a lot of like similar
conversations
in my dms recently just about girly
things like periods
bloating hormones and relationship
advice
things like that so i felt like i could
go a bit more in depth to be honest i'm
really surprised i haven't done
one of these girls talk videos before as
i was growing up i grew up in
a male dominant household so i was
raised by
my dad and i had an older brother and i
really craved like a motherly
womanly figure in my life which i didn't
have as
my mom passed away when i was super
young and i had a lot of like questions
that
obviously my dad couldn't necessarily
always answer um
and as i was going through puberty and
starting my periods
having these like hormones and then
getting my first boyfriend that kind of
thing
i really really craved uh someone to
talk to and i feel like
for my younger audience if by doing one
of these videos could help just one
person
that would be amazing so yeah i just put
a question box over on my instagram and
then i have got
a bunch of stuff and there's quite a lot
of different
types of questions as well there are
some ones about sex
some about like body image nothing is
off limits we're going to talk
absolutely everything in this video i'm
quite looking forward to it so
grab yourself a glass of wine a coffee
or a cup of tea a green tea whatever you
found
so first question is did you ever lose
your period no so i've never
lost my period i'm generally super
regular with my periods and
your periods are just an indication of
everything is running
smoothly and efficiently so if you're
someone who has lost your period
i would advise you to get professional
medical advice and
go to your gp because there's something
not right um
or an imbalance and yeah that is a
really strong indication
how to deal with trust problems in
relationships
so this one's super broad isn't it
really i would say it depends where
you're coming from say if you've got
trust problems in your new or current
relationship
from an old relationship i would say you
need to really communicate with
your new boyfriend girlfriend by sitting
down and just
being open and honest about maybe
certain triggers or certain things you
want to work on
say if you feel a little bit insecure in
an area i would just
communicate i think that's the best way
then on the other hand if you're having
uh trust issues because of your
boyfriend girlfriend
lying then that's a real issue for me i
would never
be in a relationship with someone who
lies i just think
that is just an absolute no-go and in
one of my first like
relationships when i was younger i was
with this guy for a while
who was a compulsive liar and
he had a lot of like mummy issues i'm
going to say thankful for that
relationship because
it taught me so much and since then i've
never
ever i would never put with someone who
lies the next one is what do you think
is the most attractive thing in a person
it's probably someone who is really
genuine
authentic and has like a really nice
positive energy i feel like that's the
most
attractive thing in any person whether
it be like for a partner or like a best
friend
that's something i really appreciate
what do you use when not on the pill
how not to get pregnant so if you're not
on the peel i would definitely make sure
you use
some form of protection such as a condom
like
the pull-out method is not 100
so um yeah definitely the condom or look
at other contraceptive methods like
definitely don't risk it if you're not
wanting to get pregnant for sure
advice after moving in with your
boyfriend so mason and i
moved in together literally like a week
after knowing each other like we've been
together
over three years now and lived together
ever since like we probably the match
we've ever spent apart is probably
two weeks that entire time the top
advice for moving in
with your boyfriend would be
communication
um like through and through don't bottle
things up like say if there's something
that's sort of like annoying you just
communicate that
so i've been guilty of that in the past
like if it'll be little things like
when he shaves his chest or something he
um
gets hair all everywhere and for a while
i just kind of like ignore it and then
it was really good it was really
annoying me and then
it was like an accumulant of things so
i'd just say communication is key and
so important in um when you're like
moving into a new living
situation because it can be super
intense obviously especially
if you've lived on your own before or
like with family and you're kind of like
you've got your own ways and know that
it's got to be two-way street like
we're not always going to be perfect
there's things that i do that really
annoys mason and vice versa
so it's just some give and take but is
it expensive to live in
dubai so this is actually a bit
difficult um
because things like grocery shopping i
definitely think is more expensive here
i've really noticed that but um after
like shopping around and finding um like
grocery
stores that i like and you can find
stuff
cheaper but yeah on a whole it's like
grocery shopping is definitely more
expensive
but in terms of rent i'm gonna say it's
like a ball
park price like i'd say it's very
similar to london prices however
you can get cheaper places and
like slightly further out of like the
dubai like
city kind of area for much cheaper you
can make it whatever you want to really
i find that's like most places though
like a lot of people can
generalize like of course if you want to
live slap bang
in the city like in the mix of things
it's going to be much more expensive
just the same as like london
kinds of visas yeah they're pretty
expensive but it just depends
how long you want to stay for obviously
and then what you're doing for work
like you might be able to if you're
wanting to work over here you could get
a visa
with work have you ever faced negative
comments and how have you managed to
deal with it
yes i've definitely faced some negative
comments um
it's just bound to happen with putting
yourself out online
you can't avoid that and you can't get
caught up in that
and when i first when i got my first few
i remember feeling
so upset and taking it super personal
obviously you can't please everyone but
also
the people that do comment negative
things they don't know you personally
they just see what you like what
snippets you put out
onto the internet so i never take it too
personally now
okay next one is don't know if this is
too
much tmi but shaving the downstairs area
right okay no that is not too tmi that
shaving down there is like the pain of
my life i must admit
but basically last year i started
getting
lasers i had it on my underarms and down
there like
complete hollywood i only i think i had
two sessions down there and then i've
had more on my armpits
which has been good like i've definitely
noticed um i have fewer hairs
but i'm definitely like down there i'm
probably gonna need about 10 more
sessions
to be completely bold top tips for
shaving
would be to use like a conditioner i
don't know why
me and shaving foams just don't get
along so i use a conditioner down there
and if i'm using a razor
i use a really soft um what is it it's
like a blue one i think is it a gillette
i'll try and insert a picture of the one
that i use because that is the only one
that i get along with we all have
different skin types as well
i'm relatively sensitive but not
so much that i get a lot of i don't
often get a lot of like ingrown hairs so
yes i try and shave
every three days down there lasers
really helped and i would really
recommend
um laser especially that on your bikini
line area so i'm all about getting in
like every position possible um to get
every little
hair gone but just some advice like i
wouldn't recommend shaving every day
down there because you don't want to
um like irritate your skin i feel like
you can never get a clean shave
if you shave every day if you know what
i mean um
you get that weird like stubble kind of
thing and also i wouldn't recommend
wearing super tight underwear like i
always get
um like quite loose underwear in a sense
so it's not
completely like constructive because
that can cause ingrown hairs so next one
is are you an introvert or extrovert
so i would actually say i'm a very
strong like 50 50 in this
i feel like when i was younger i was way
more of an extrovert i've always been
quite confident like from
a child and i feel like from my
childhood and then as i've got older i
would say i'm more like
particular with who i share my energy
with shall we say
i've got a relatively small circle of
friends but at the same time i'm like
the chattiest person like i will go out
of my way to speak to anyone
and i love like meeting new people so
yeah i feel like i'm
definitely a bit of both but i love my
own company at the same time easy gym
hairstyles for long hair
which should stay put even during cardio
i
did have like super long hair and then i
started bleaching it so it's a bit
shorter now
but one of my favorite gym hairstyles
is a low ponytail and i do sometimes
do a high pony and then i'll just get
these little bits of hair
this is what i do that's my like
favorite gym
hairstyle it does get a little bit
sweaty sometimes like the back of your
neck
but um my hairdresser actually informed
me
and i'm quite glad she did um like it
can be quite bad for your hair to be
having it in like a tight bun up on top
like you can cause yourself quite a lot
of split ends
which i didn't really know like i often
used to sleep with my hair
in like a bun and i never realized that
could be actually quite damaging
so i always opt for a low and
like a low burn comparing yourself to
others online there are so many
beautiful
people online i feel like we can all
fall into
a loop maybe sometimes of like compare
what is it comparing itis or something i
don't know that i've just made that up
maybe i think that can be easy to do but
you've just got to
remember like you're so unique
there is not one person like you on this
whole planet
which is what gives you your uniqueness
and your specialness and you need to
embrace
what you have i feel like when i was
younger i've definitely had
a lot more insecurities i feel much more
confident in myself now but that's only
from like
practicing in work like daily
affirmation i'm going to do in my
morning routine and i'll explain what i
do in a daily to sort of help with my
mindset because
there's always going to be someone who
in your eyes is more beautiful than you
with confidence and self-love in general
you've really just got to realize like
how unique and special you are as you
are you are beautiful
you don't need to be like anyone else i
feel like i grew
a lot more confidence when i embraced
that i've only had like your life
experiences gone through your tough
times gone through your good times
and a body doesn't bring certain
happiness like i feel like
i realize that as well like when i was
younger i thought the day that i would
get
obliques and abs like i would be the
happiest and i'd feel different when in
reality
like a body doesn't bring you direct
happiness so i feel like you just got to
embrace like that person that you may be
comparing yourself to
probably has an insecurity about
something like you can't
always like not win in that sense but
i just think it's a lot of wasted energy
if you spend
comparing your life to someone else is
best relationship advice you can give
to women first one i feel so strongly
about this to never ever settle for
any less than you deserve if someone
ever lies to you
is disloyal get rid straight away don't
mess about
that person is not for you and you
deserve so much more than that that
would be the first one
and and also just remember like how
your relationship is built on trust and
without that literally there's no
relationship
also don't ever dim yourself down if
that
if if you feel like someone sort of like
dampens your light like
again get rid of have you ever been
through a serious breakup
so i was in a relationship like i said
when i was super young
with this guy who
i don't want to give any air time to be
quite honest too i was quite rebellious
when i was like 15 16 i met this guy and
then um
i actually moved out of like my family
home
and my dad disowned me for
i think it was just under a year as well
as like my
my family and it was a really weird time
to be honest and i was in a really toxic
relationship
and then when i moved to london
like that is when i cut ties i wanted a
fresh start so that was a
breakup do you get pre-period low points
mentally it seems i always get it up to
one week before
yes i absolutely do and i can feel it in
myself i
my emotions are all over and i
definitely get that like every single
month without fail it's always when i
feel my lowest and i know how hard it
can be
to sort of like shift that and also like
prevent that i think you've just got to
go through the emotions i've got to sort
of like ride
the wave with those feelings have your
like little cues and stuff to turn to
when you're feeling a bit low and stuff
just write down like
what you are proud of the most what
makes you the happiest
who you love the most i feel like just
going back to stuff like that helps do
you know of any good vaginal
supplements or probiotics wow i've
actually um
i've never really come across one of
those before all i know is like
i guess a clean product that is less
evasive as like a shower gel so like
some fresh um but i don't know if
supplements actually or probiotics
um but i'm sure there's loads of stuff
like online for that how do you know
whether a guy is worth it or
wasting your time lol right i'm gonna
say this
and i literally had this conversation
with mason the other day we were talking
about like
couples i guess if there's one thing i
wish i could go and tell my younger self
would be to always trust your intuition
and your gut feeling
you always know especially as a female
you know
when a guy is wasting your time your
senses tell you i swear to god
and look out obviously there's the red
flags that will crop up straight away
but just be careful not to like not
necessarily kid yourself but
i know how easy it can be say if you
really like someone you kind of
take every little thing like anything
sort of positive and you really
like dwell on that when in reality deep
down you might know that person
is not for you you'll know if guys
interested you like given like what
effort he
puts in silly but do you get hit on in
the gym you're so pretty
all it's so kind of you thank you very
much you are gorgeous
yeah this one i don't even know what
would your classes hit on like
i feel like um
well the gyms in the uk have been on and
off ship but i've def i've had people
come over and like make conversation but
it's usually like friendly stuff it's
never like gross
gross things and then if that ever
happens like mason usually just sort of
like comes over
and it's usually just like a harmless
like conversation
but half the time i've always got my
headphones in and i'm just in my own
zone so i wouldn't really like notice
um that sense but there is the odd like
weirdo that
um even in some of my youtube videos
like there was one point where a guy was
literally
like had his phone i i had my camera i
was filming a workout and someone had
his phone and was like videoing
which was a bit weird i feel like i have
gone on
a few tangents there and i really hope
you enjoyed this like different styled
video and just doing something a bit
more
light-hearted and let me know if you'd
like to see any more videos or if you've
got any other like questions
i am more than happy i love talking
about things like this and just doing
um different style content is super fun
for me as well
but yeah i really hope you enjoyed this
one and pop any comments that you have
down below and i'll get back to you and
i'll see you
in the next video